Sales management at Universal Containers is requesting better visibility into specific types of sales deals. They need to be notified when opportunities worth a large amount are close to closing. They would also like to receive a list of opportunities that are still open past the close date. Which feature can a system administrator use to accomplish this? (Choose 2)
  Big deal alerts
  Opportunity update reminders
  
Who can cases be assigned to when case assignment rules are being set up? (Choose 3)
  Queue
  Partner Portal User
  Internal Salesforce User
  
Which functionality is available when using the data export service? (Choose 2)
 Schedule a recurring export
 Include attachments

Universal Containers pushes an account number from an external accounting system into Salesforce. Sales users must be able to view the account number in Salesforce, but must not be able to modify it under any circumstances. How can a system administrator meet this requirement?
 Set the field-level security for account number to visible and read only for the sales user profile

What is a capability of the content delivery feature of Salesforce Content? (Choose 3)
  Track how often content is viewed if downloaded
  Makes content available to recipients within and outside of Salesforce
  Generates URLs for content files

What should be used to control a user’s ability to view a dashboard? (Choose 2)
  Source Report folder access
  Dashboard folder access
  
Universal Containers outsources its first tier of customer support to a partner. What can be used to identify all individuals who contribute to resolving a case?
 Case Teams

How can a System Administrator restrict users from viewing certain fields in list views, searches and reports?
  Set the field to hidden on the user profile

Which is a capability of Chatter files? (Choose 2)
  View a list of files shared with a Chatter group
  Post files from a Salesforce Content library to a Chatter feed
  
A marketing manager needs to view summary metrics across a set of related campaigns. How can this be accomplished?
   Create a campaign hierarchy and include the related campaigns

Which functionality is available when enhanced lists are enabled? (choose 2)
 Create new records from a list view
 Edit multiple records directly from a list view

Which statement about Mobile Lite is true? (Choose 2)
 It must be enabled by an administrator
  It is available to users without a mobile license

Universal Finance has segmented its customer base into two categories: High Wealth and Retirement. High Wealth accounts should be visible to High Wealth Sales team members only. Retirement accounts should be visible to all sales users. How can a system administrator meet this requirement?
  Set the organization-wide default sharing to private and create a sharing rule to share Retirement accounts with all Sales users
  
Which functionality is available when customizing tasks? (Choose 2)
  Record types can be created for tasks
  Validation rules can be created for tasks
  
Sales Managers need to view and report on sales revenue across an entire company without having access to a custom object that tracks personal time-off request. Which permission should a system administrator enable in a custom profile to meet this requirement in a private sharing model?
  View All for Opportunities
  
How can a sales user relate an opportunity to a campaign? (Choose 2)
  Select the primary campaign source for the opportunity
  Use the campaign influences related list on the opportunity
  
Which schedule type can be defined for a product? (Choose 2)
  Revenue
  Quantity
  
Which is a feature of Chatter?(Choose 3)
 Bookmarks
  Feeds
   Recommendations
   
When the multiple currencies feature is enabled, which currency is used as the basis for all currency conversion rates?
 Corporate currency
 
Which user is listed in the case history related list for case changes made from assignment and escalation rules?
  The automated case user specified in the support settings
 
Which option is available when using the process visualizer? (Choose 2)
  Share annotated approval process diagrams
  View approval processes as a flow chart
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  